News Articles (#224)
fluid-project/floeproject.org: src/news/2021-07-13-Web-Site-Starter-Kits.md

---
title: Web Site Starter Kits
filename: Web-Site-Starter-Kits
date: '2021-07-13'
---
The FLOE Team is developing starter kits to accelerate the development of web sites; providing a solid foundation to
build from and maintain over time.

[Trivet](https://github.com/fluid-project/trivet) is a simple starter kit for using [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev) to

> create accessible, localizable static sites.

Reviewer: Might be worth making a note about the relationship between the Floe website and Trivet. Maybe say "The Floe website is an example of a site generated using Trivet."?

Although this isn't entirely accurate as the Floe site came first then abstracted into Trivet. Maybe @greatislander or @BlueSlug has some idea how to phrase this?

Author: I think that's the case. There are other sites I think, like the guides and the handbook, that could be referenced. Is there any others that might be better or also appropriate?

Reviewer 2: The Co-Design kit was made with Trivet but it's not really launched yet.

> [Hearth](https://github.com/fluid-project/hearth) was created to support the creation of and access to libraries of open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hearth](https://github.com/fluid-project/hearth) supports the creation of and access to libraries of open
```

educational resources. Hearth is a starter kit for the [Laravel](https://laravel.com) framework, providing the following
out of the box:

* A user model with login, registration, email verification, and optional two-factor authentication.
* An organization model.
* A membership model which reflects users' roles within organizations.
* An invitation model which allows users to be invited to join organizations.
* A resource model supporting creation of and access to a library of open educational resources in a wide range of formats.
* Multilingual support, including localized routes.

> * Bare bones views which can be published and customized as needed.

Reviewer: Might be worth adding examples of sites that have been built using Hearth and Trivet if they exist so people can see how it has been used.

Author: @greatislander and @waharnum, has anything been built with Hearth yet?
